The Challenge:

You have invented the greatest beverage known to mankind and only you have the secret recipe to produce it.
The entire world wants your beverage and are willing to embrace your bold (Tesla-inspired) direct to consumer
sales & marketing approach. Build a lightweight website where your global audience can purchase your wunder-beverage
and have it shipped directly to their location. Show the popularity of your beverage by showing a real-time feed of
sales made (twitter feed style with first name, quantity, city, country) and simple real-time stats showing # of units
sold & # of units shipped.

Please include:
1 ) Instructions to setup and run your wunder-beverage website locally
2 ) Have your wunder-beverage site be properly covered w/ tests. Use Minitest for the rails components.
3 ) A rake task that can be run while local site is running that will allow a simulation of a "live site"
(have purchases & shipping counters update in real time via pusher, have the twitter-esque style feed update in
real-time via pusher ).
4 ) Use a free pusher account (pusher.com) for your real-time components
5 ) Use Bootstrap for any front-end visuals (if you need icons, use the glypicons in Bootstrap).
6 ) For CSS: Use SCSS for styling
7 ) We do not use CoffeeScript in our appli cation, if you use JavaScript outside of a framework please use native
JavaScript.
8 ) For templating, please use ERB.
9 ) Please use MySQL for your database. ( recommend the mysql2 gem)
10 ) Please use the latest rails version.
11 ) Please use the latest version of Ruby that is available within RVM.

Important Notes:
1 ) Please create a private github repo immediately and invite: adeviadoug to the repo. We like to watch the commit
stream to see your thinking process. Please commit early & often (within reason) so I can see the evolution of your
application. (Email our CTO, Doug Schlenker, the link to your repo so we ensure we associate your application to your
repo, doug@varsitytutors.com)
2 ) Have fun! If you would like to add additional aspects to your wunder-beverage site feel free to do so.
3 ) You don't have to call it the wunder-beverage, you can give it your own flair (I actually encourage it)
4 ) Shoot Doug an email (doug@varsitytutors.com) once you're done with the URL to the github submission (this makes it
easier to find).
5 ) If you have any questions, feel free to ask. All questions and any comments that you have post submission
(which are helpful in our code review) will be passed along during the code review.